README.md, before:

<p style="text-align: center"><img src="extra/header.png" alt="Mäterial, an immeditate mode ui for Love2d"></p>

[![Powered by Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-Lua-blue)](https://www.lua.org/) [![Made by LÖVE](https://img.shields.io/badge/love2d-11.3-e64998.svg)](https://love2d.org/) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nekerafa/lua-raspi)](https://github.com/NEKERAFA/Lua-Raspi/releases)

---

## Description

Mäterial is an immediate mode UI library for [LÖVE](https://love2d.org) that uses the [Material Design](https://material.io) specs.

*Work in progress...*

## Features

- **Main components**
  - [Buttons](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.buttons.html#button): A material button.
  - [Icon Buttons](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.buttons.html#iconButton): A button used in toolbars.
  - [Foating Action Button](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.buttons.html#floatingActionButton): A button that represents primary action.

- [**Theming**](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.theme.html): You can change the colors when the components are drawn.
- [**Icons**](hhttps://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.icons.html): A collection of functions to draw material icons.
- Extensible and customizable: You can modify or create you own components.

*Work in progress...*

## Reference

All modules and functions are compiled in the [Mäterial documentation](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/). For language reference, you can check the [LÖVE Wiki](https://love2d.org/wiki/Main_Page) and [Lua 5.1 Reference](https://www.lua.org/manual/5.1/) page.

Also, you can see the [**examples**](https://github.com/NEKERAFA/Love-Material/tree/main/examples) folder with some LÖVE proyects using Mäterial

## Downloads

*Work in progress...*

Commit message:

- Added checkout and radio buttons - Updated examples - Updated documentation

README.md, after:

<p style="text-align: center"><img src="extra/header.png" alt="Mäterial, an immeditate mode ui for Love2d"></p>

[![Powered by Lua](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-Lua-blue)](https://www.lua.org/) [![Made by LÖVE](https://img.shields.io/badge/love2d-11.3-e64998.svg)](https://love2d.org/) [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nekerafa/love-material)](https://github.com/NEKERAFA/Love-Material/blob/main/LICENSE)

---

## Description

Mäterial is an immediate mode UI library for [LÖVE](https://love2d.org) that uses the [Material Design](https://material.io) specs. This library includes the basic to create your game interface using the material components, the Noto family font (also includes an emoji icons) and the material icons.

## Features

- Mäterial has a bunch of components that uses the Material Design specs in order to create your own interface with Material look.
- [**Component theming**](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.theme.html): You can change the  when look of all components in the library easily. Also you can add dark or high contrast theme easily.
- [**Material icons**](hhttps://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/modules/material.icons.html): This library brings you the use of Material icons to use in your proyects.
- **Extensible and customizable**: You can modify or create you own components. See [EXTENDING_LIBRARY.md](https://github.com/NEKERAFA/Love-Material/blob/main/NEW_COMPONENTS.md) for more information.

*Work in progress...*

## Reference

All modules and functions are compiled in the [Mäterial documentation](https://nekerafa.github.io/Love-Material/). For language reference, you can check the [LÖVE Wiki](https://love2d.org/wiki/Main_Page) and [Lua 5.1 Reference](https://www.lua.org/manual/5.1/) page.

Also, you can see the [**examples**](https://github.com/NEKERAFA/Love-Material/tree/main/examples) folder with some LÖVE proyects that uses Mäterial library.

## Downloads

*Work in progress...*
